west wind
I didn't expect you to come to our wedding
I'm so embarrassed to come over to eat and drink.
Let's see if your ex-girlfriend is beautiful now
Don't you have anything to say to him?
Well, Brother Hua, ignore him
I'm going to be late.
Tianhua, ignore this trash
Don't waste time
You go to the second floor first
What about this trash?
I'll get rid of him.
You're not done yet, are you?
Since the chase has come to the hotel
You look like a toad.
No wonder my daughter doesn't like you.
Go away
Don't make trouble here
Hey don't
Don't Xu Feng, he can't leave.
I'm going to make you a wimp
To see his girlfriend marry me
Are you sure you want me to attend your wedding?
I can't do it if I attend your wedding
Yes you have to see it with your own eyes
I don't want you to know that you are against me
You don't deserve a laugh
You also deserve to fight with Mr. Xu
Oh, no.
I don't think you're even qualified to speak